this is going to be a particularly fun
mission me and Kermit the lambo have
come to the Italian Alps a million miles
from the kind of grippy blacktop Tomic
than a car like this normally hugs I'm
here for some winter sport supercar
style this is the Lamborghini Gallardo
helping 564 the most powerful Gardo ever
and normally I'd dismiss its four-wheel
drive system as a rather unwanted extra
especially with the efficiency of the
modern highly tuned trash control
systems on rear wheel drive cars but I'm
heading for somewhere now well I think
this car might just shine and ice track
this could of course be a big green
accident waiting to happen
but I reckon fast cars are now so easy
to drive that they're in danger of
losing their thrill conquering this
place should get a bit of the
old-fashioned adrenaline flowing at
least until global warming spoils the
fun now just jump in switch off the
traction control and get Leary but the
Health and Safety Department of
Lamborghini have insisted that in these
extreme conditions I try it with the
traction control on first Yeah right
fun
I should down do what Lamborghini wanted
so we come out of Corsa mode put the ESP
back on and go to totally normal
Lamborghini drive amazingly now I can
just open this module by in second gear
it doesn't accelerate so I've now got my
foot City jams the floor I'm coming to
attack and we have to break slightly
this new engines got and I think I'm
getting about 52 horsepower it's
incredible even in these extreme
conditions and using unstudied snow
tires the systems make the cars near to
crash proof as you can get despite its
raging v10 engine and 203 mile an hour
top speed individual brakes on so first
the traction control is stopping the
power gate of the wheels and second ESP
brakes individual wheels to stop it
sliding it is unbelievable
well I think that's enough of the safety
briefing time for me to get back nought
to sixty two on tarmac takes 3.7 seconds
actually as hard as concrete
now where this four-wheel-drive helpers
have so much these conditions in that
when you married into a corner first the
rear goes out what you want but then the
power goes the front wheels they spin up
but it actually straightens the car up
was the rear wheel drive you just end up
facing on UK now this may look like
quite a relaxing experience
but giving this part out is costly
between not so much movement third give
more speed up the transition and if you
ever wanted a tighter steering wheel
when you got one that's got lovely
grippy suede one second and horrible
cold in the other beneath all the
electrics this supercar has a fine
chassis can be great fun to drive you
just need a load of snow to really prove
it this is definitely the most fun I've
had in a modern day Lamborghini